Take IO costs into account when counting costs (#3483)
near/nearcore: runtime/runtime-params-estimator/emu-cost/README.md

Now start the estimator under QEMU with the counter plugin enabled (note, that Rust compiler produces SSE4, so specify recent CPU):

    docker> ./emu-cost/counter_plugin/qemu-x86_64 -cpu Westmere-v1 -plugin file=./emu-cost/counter_plugin/libcounter.so \
         ../../target/release/runtime-params-estimator --home /tmp/data --accounts-num 20000 --iters 1 --warmup-iters 1

Note that it may take some time, as we execute instrumented code under the binary translator.

## IO cost calibration

> We got to calibrate IO operations cost to instruction counts. Technically instructions and IO are absolutely orthogonal,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to calibrate IO operations cost to instruction counts. Technically instruction count and IO costs are orthogonal,
```

however, as we measure our gas in instructions, we have to compute abstract scaling coefficients binding

> number of bytes read/written in IO to instructions executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the number of bytes read/written in IO to instructions executed.
```

We do that by computing following operation:

    ./emu-cost/counter_plugin/qemu-x86_64  -d plugin -cpu Westmere-v1 -plugin file=./emu-cost/counter_plugin/libcounter.so \
        ../../target/release/genesis-populate --home /tmp/data --additional-accounts-num <NUM_ACCOUNTS>

and checking how much data to be read/written depending on number of create accounts.
Then we could figure out:
   * 1 account creation cost in instructions
   * 1 account creation cost in bytes read and written
For example, experiments performed in mid Oct 2020 shown the following numbers:
10M accounts:
    * 6_817_684_914_212 instructions executed
    * 168_398_590_013 bytes read
    * 48_486_537_178 bytes written

Thus 1 account approximately costs:
    * 681_768 instructions executed
    * 16840 bytes read
    * 4849 bytes written

Let's presume that execution, read and write each takes following shares in account cost creation.
   * Execution: *3/6*
   * Read: *2/6*
   * Write: *1/6*

Then we could conclude that:

>    * 1 byte read costs 681768 * 2 / 3 / 16840 = 27 instructions

Reviewer: Why is this not `681768 * 2 / 6 / 16840`?

Same with the example on the next line.

Reviewer 2: I think it's 2/3 because total cost = execution cost (3/6) + io cost (2/6+1/6), so bytes_read*read_cost_per_inst+bytes_write*write_cost_per_inst should equal to execution cost. Therefore here is 681786 * ((2/6)/(3/6)) / 16840.

Author: Yes.
